Alerting plugin - experimental cross cluster monitor support documentation (#6350)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _observing-your-data/alerting/per-query-bucket-monitors.md

Per bucket monitors are a type of alert monitor that can be used to identify and alert on specific buckets of data that are created by a query against an OpenSearch index.

> Both monitor types support querying remote indexes using the same `cluster-name:index-name` pattern used by [cross-cluster search](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/cross-cluster-search/), or using the new dashboards interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both monitor types support querying remote indexes using the same `cluster-name:index-name` pattern used by [cross-cluster search](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/cross-cluster-search/), or by using OpenSearch Dashboards 2.12 or later.
```

> Both monitor types support querying remote indexes using the same `cluster-name:index-name` pattern used by [cross-cluster search](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/cross-cluster-search/), or by using OpenSearch Dashboards 2.12 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both monitor types support querying remote indexes using the same `cluster-name:index-name` pattern used by [cross-cluster search](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/cross-cluster-search/) or by using OpenSearch Dashboards 2.12 or later.
```

> <img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/alerting/cross-cluster-per-query-per-bucket-monitors.png" alt="Cluster metrics monitor" width="700"/>

Reviewer 2: The image should be introduced in the text that precedes it.
